RULEAPI-620 Update README (#79)
SonarSource/rspec: README.adoc

Each language subdirectory contains the `rule.adoc` that is the root document used to render the specification.
The rule specification in `rule.adoc` can include other `*.adoc` files that are in the language subdirectory or in the parent directory by using the `include::content.adoc[]` syntax.

To reduce the number of turnarounds with the asciidoc edits you can install an asciidoc plugin.
Otherwise, you can use https://asciidoclive.com/[AsciiDocLIVE] and this https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/[cheatsheet].

==== To add language to an existing rule

If the rule exists on the main branch, create a PR named "Create rule Sxxxx[_language_]: _rule title_". For example:
----
Create rule S100[java]: Method names should comply with a naming convention
----

Otherwise, if the rule has not been merged yet (i.e. the rule has not been implemented by any plugin), you can use the already existing PR corresponding to this rule. +

Then,

* Create a subdirectory with the name of the language you want to add. +
It can be any of the following:
include::supported_languages.adoc[]
* Add two files in this subdirectory:

> ** `rule.adoc`: write down the whole description of the rule. If you want to include already existing parts (that are in the parent directory for example), use the `include::` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `rule.adoc`: write down the whole description of the rule. If you want to include already existing parts (that are in the current or the parent directory), use the `include::` syntax.
```
rule-api does not support inclusion of files from any other directory, if I am not mistaken.

. click on the grey _Run wokflow_ button (on the right).
. in the field _"Comma-separated list of targeted languages"_ write the list of languages you want to specify this rule for. +
They can be any of the following:
include::supported_languages.adoc[]
. click on the green _Run workflow_ button.

image::img/new-rule-workflow.png[]

You should see https://github.com/pulls/assigned[a new pull request assigned to you]. It might take up to a few minutes to appear.
It contains a scaffolding of files for the new rule. Feel free to modify it as you please.

The title of the PR for a new rule will say only "Create rule Sxxxx", which is not very informative. +
Modify the title to better summarize the nature or the rule, so that it is easier to find when searching through unimplemented rules.
Do preserve the "Create rule Sxxxx" prefix, as it is used by our tooling.
For example:

----
Create rule S7028: All identifiers should be in CamelCase
----

Add the description of the PR to further increase its discoverability
(GitHub PR search does not see the `rule.adoc`).
To do that, click on the three dots (next to the smile) on the first comment (created by github-actions bot) and select "Edit".

> The rule must contain subdirectories corresponding to all the languages this rule is implemented for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule must contain subdirectories corresponding to all the languages this rule is implemented for (by the time the PR is merged).
```

Each language subdirectory contains the `rule.adoc` that is the root document used to render the specification.
The rule specification in `rule.adoc` can include other `*.adoc` files that are in the language subdirectory or in the parent directory by using the `include::content.adoc[]` syntax.

To reduce the number of turnarounds with the asciidoc edits you can install an asciidoc plugin.
Otherwise, you can use https://asciidoclive.com/[AsciiDocLIVE] and this https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/[cheatsheet].

==== To add language to an existing rule

If the rule exists on the main branch, create a PR entitled "Create rule Sxxxx[_language_]: _rule title_". For example:
----
Create rule S100[java]: Method names should comply with a naming convention
----

Otherwise, if the rule has not been merged yet (i.e. the rule has not been implemented by any plugin), you can use the already existing PR corresponding to this rule. +

Then,

* Create a subdirectory with the name of the language you want to add. +
It can be any of the following:
include::supported_languages.adoc[]

> * Add two files in this subdirectory and write down the parts that need to be overwritten:

Reviewer: Unlike Jira, you just write down the whole description in the rule.adoc (possibly including some parts using `include::` syntax).
Only metadata.json automatically inherits the parent metadata.json and overwrites parts of it.

For more information see the README file in the `frontend` directory.

== RSPEC dataflow

The following graph shows the path of an RSPEC from its inception in Github RSPEC repository to its consumption in SQ/SC/SL or on rules.sonarsource.com: +
(The part that is grayed out corresponds to what existed before, when RSPECs were hosted in Jira)

image::img/RSPEC-flow-2.png[]

== Help

Tickets related to this RSPEC repository are in Jira, in the https://jira.sonarsource.com/projects/RULEAPI/issues/RULEAPI-324?filter=allopenissues[RULEAPI] project.

> You found a bug, something is bothering you or you have an idea to improve the project? First have a look at all the https://jira.sonarsource.com/projects/RULEAPI/issues/RULEAPI-324?filter=allopenissues[open tickets]. If you don't see anything related to your subject, please open a new ticket in the backlog, with `backlog` as fix version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You found a bug, something is bothering you or you have an idea how to improve the project? First, have a look at all the https://jira.sonarsource.com/projects/RULEAPI/issues/RULEAPI-324?filter=allopenissues[open tickets]. If you don't see anything related to your subject, please open a new ticket in the backlog, with `backlog` as the fix version.
```

Reviewer: You are right, I think "of" is missing there as well. I meant to shift the meaning from

An idea to improve the project: "Hey, let's improve the project!"

to

An idea of how to improve the project: "Hey, let's add a script that would open a PR to add a language to an RSPEC automatically!"

Author: Oh, ok, makes sense
